Graduate Programme;
During this programme, you’ll gain valuable insight into our services and strategic projects and we’ll help you to further develop your skills and knowledge so that you can succeed in your career. You’ll also join our graduate network and receive our continued support throughout.

We’re strong believers in continuous development here at Veolia and actively encourage and support everyone to keep going after you finish the programme.

What will you be doing;
As a Graduate Business Manager, you will gain experience in key areas across Veolia’s commercial sector, developing basic waste management and business knowledge through different operational depots. 

Help deliver efficient and profitable solutions by driving innovation and change for customers.
Understand and provide clear, transparent and accurate reporting of business performance.
Learn to understand local market conditions, competitors and opportunities for growth and work in partnership with other teams.
Experience the implementation of operational efficiencies through the use of digital, asset utilisation and cost control.
Ensure the safety and well-being of all employees and those affected by our operations.
Assist with the creation and continuation of a customer excellence approach and culture.
Learn to manage people and assets to deliver/exceed service expectations.
Learn how to identify top talent for the future, drive employee engagement by championing inclusivity in the workplace and promote development opportunities.
Please note that this is a rotational role and a successful candidate may be required to travel to get further exposure to different types of contracts and their operational requirements.

What we're looking for;
Degree level qualification of Business Management or Environmental subject (to be achieved by Sept 2024) 
Full UK Driving licence 
High level of written and verbal communication skills and confidence in the delivery of presentations. 
Good interpersonal skills and the ability to build meaningful and successful relationships
Good analytical and organisational skills
Good understanding of the importance of continuous improvement
Good project management skills
Good knowledge of Google/Microsoft products
What we can offer you;
25 days of annual leave 
Onsite facilities including a free gym, parking and subsidised restaurant
Access to our company pension scheme
Discounts on everything from groceries to well-known retailers
One paid days leave every year to volunteer and support your community 
Access to a range of resources to support your physical, mental and financial health; so you can lean on us whenever you need to
Ongoing training and development opportunities, allowing you to reach your full potential 


https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/508/veolia-uk/graduate-job/60145/business-management-graduate