Graduate Programme;
During this programme, you’ll gain valuable insight into our services and strategic projects and we&#x2019 ;ll help you to further develop your skills and knowledge so that you can succeed in your career. You’ll also join our graduate network and receive our continued support throughout.

We’re strong believers in continuous development here at Veolia and actively encourage and support everyone to keep going after you finish the programme.

What will you be doing;
Develop and maintain strong internal business relationships with Customer Experience, Sales and Operations Teams with a focus on customer service and business growth.
Support and gain an understanding of the local sales process.
Participate in Regional Sales Development.
Attend regional team meetings.
Providing Innovative Veolia solutions throughout customer tenders.
Regional Account Innovation and project management support to our Regional commercial accounts.
Serving business interests by focusing on successful customer retention and growth in line with business strategy and governance processes.
Represent the interests of Veolia and promote the value of our strategic objectives.
What we're looking for;
Degree qualification in Business Management (to be achieved by September 2024)
Full UK Driving licence 
High levels of written and verbal communication skills
Good interpersonal skills 
Confidence in the delivery of presentations. 
Good analytical skills and organisational skills
What we can offer you;
25 days of annual leave
Ongoing training and development opportunities, allowing you to reach your full potential
Access to our company pension scheme and life assurance
One paid days leave every year to volunteer and support your community 
Access to a range of resources to support your physical, mental and financial health; so you can lean on us whenever you need to
24-hour access to a virtual GP, 365 days a year, for you and family members in your household
Discounts on everything from groceries to well-known retailers

https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/508/veolia-uk/graduate-job/59960/commercial-sales-graduate