About the role
As a Graduate Data Analyst, you’ll be enrolled in our Graduate Programme which will support you through the first 18 months of your time at Ipsos Jarmany.

You’ll be working on major projects supporting global, market-leading organisations. We’ll provide you with a structured path to guide your learning, progression and development, and work with you to tailor this towards your areas of interest. You’ll be taking control and guiding the direction of your career from the get-go.


This role is designed to catapult the start of your career – you’ll be working on major projects for globally recognised organisations in positions of responsibility. You’ll also have the opportunity to challenge yourself, fully utilise your capabilities and gain front-line experience with our clients.

Your role will be varied, flexible and you’ll develop a wide range of business analysis and support skills to help you work more effectively. And after the first 18 months? Well, it’s not uncommon for you to be heading up a project team of your own. Sound exciting? We know.

What we look for
Strong analytical skills and academic success
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Commercial awareness
Independent, self-motivated and able to show initiative.
Proficiency in technology, with MS Office skills required. 
Results-driven and able to work well in a team.
Qualifications and experience
Minimum 2:1 bachelor’s degree.
Ideally, an A Level in Math or Economics (Grade A / 7 or above)
Programming experience is preferred but not essential.
Must have the right to live and work in the UK – sponsorship unavailable.
Being able to speak another language is a bonus! 
Skills you will develop
Advanced excel, python and SQL skills.
Front-End Data Visualisation Development
Data-Driven Commercial Storytelling
Marketing ROI And Digital Analytics Skills
Advanced Presentation Skills
A Typical Day...
The role of our Graduate Data Analysts varies depending on the client and project they’ve been assigned to, but typically you’ll be required to:

Help organisations make sense of the vast amounts of data they collect.
Use statistical and analytical tools to process and clean data, to ensure it is accurate and reliable.
Create data models using complex data sets.
Produce and maintaining both internal and client-facing reports.
Prepare dashboards to visually present a story about your findings.
Present your findings and recommendations to internal Ipsos Jarmany teams and external client stakeholders.
Work for Ipsos Jarmany and you’ll benefit from:
Salary: £25,000 rising to £30,000
Competitive salary
Thorough training & onboarding programme
Hybrid working
Monthly gym allowance
Private healthcare
An additional day off for your birthday
Access to our benefits platform 'Perkbox'
Employee discount scheme for a variety of local bars, restaurants and shops
Regular team socials



https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/839/ipsos-jarmany/graduate-job/38295/graduate-data-analysts