Job Description
Roles available based in our London and Nottingham offices. If progressed to the next stage you will be asked to select your location preference.

Our vision for Global HR is clear: to become a Top 25 employer with a world-class HR function - one that enables us to attract, retain and develop the best talent within a high performance, inclusive and caring culture. To do this, we need to be aligned and operate with a global HR mindset, that helps us better represent our people, share skills and achieve more.

During our HR Graduate programme you will have the opportunity to experience working in different parts of the HR function, as well as one rotation outside of HR (for example in our Finance, Technology or Operations teams) to give you a broad understanding of how our business operates.

Initially consisting of four, six-month placements, this rotational programme will build your knowledge and understanding of Experian, the HR function as whole, and provide exposure to the different specialisms available to HR colleagues.

Rotations are subject to business area & demand, but here’s an idea of where you could land:
People Analytics and Technology
Employee Relations 
Reward
Learning & Development
Business Partnering
Day to day responsibilities will differ depending on your placement, but you will be working with a variety of stakeholders within HR and the wider business, so we’re looking for people who are great at forming relationships with others.

You’ll also develop your understanding of HR processes, policies and procedures and utilise data to solve business problems, meaning analytical skills are key. As part of this programme, you will also study towards a fully funded CIPD qualification via an apprenticeship (level dependent on prior experience and qualifications).

If you choose to join us, you’ll receive industry training, wide-reaching career opportunities and a wealth of support through our Early Careers Network, buddy, line manager & mentor scheme. You’ll also join onto our structured Graduate programme, which is packed with workshops, short-courses & online material designed to help kick-start your career.

Our concept is simple. We believe in expanding horizons – it’s what makes Experian a global leader and a Top UK Tech Employer.

Qualifications
To be eligible to join this Graduate Programme:

You must be graduating in 2024, or have graduated within the last three years (2021, 2022 or 2023 graduates) with a minimum 2:2 degree classification. 
A Bachelor’s degree in a related subject (e.g Business Studies, Psychology, Management etc) would be beneficial, but if you don’t have a degree in those fields, that’s ok. If you have a real passion for people and data, and can demonstrate an understanding of how you would support a team and deliver results, we’d love to hear from you!
You must have been ordinarily resident in the UK for at least 3 years prior to joining in September 2024 and have permission from the UK government to live in the UK (not for educational purposes) or have obtained pre-settled or settled status under EUSS. This is due to UK government apprenticeship funding rules.
We look for great communicators, who take a proactive approach to learning and problem solving. Due to the rotational nature of the programme, we’re looking for someone who is open to working in various different areas in HR, and is willing to embrace the options HR can offer you, rather than just focusing on one particular area.

You could be based out of our Nottingham or Central London offices, and will work in a Hybrid pattern; meaning there will be a combination of time in the office and time working from home each week. Some limited travel may be required between these two sites. Please only apply if this is suitable for you.

Our uniqueness is that we truly celebrate yours.
Experian's culture and people are key differentiators. We take our people agenda very seriously. We focus on what truly matters; DEI, work/life balance, development, authenticity, engagement, collaboration, wellness, reward & recognition, volunteering... the list goes on. We’re an award winning organisation due to our strong people first approach.

Innovation is a critical part of Experian's DNA and practices, and our diverse workforce drives our success. Everyone can succeed at Experian and bring their whole self to work, irrespective of their gender, ethnicity, colour, sexuality, physical ability or age. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know at the earliest opportunity.



https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/872/experian/graduate-job/59802/hr-graduate