The Role

The glue that holds our cross-functional teams together, the Real Estate Project Coordinator will play a crucial role in leading new office space launches, ensuring a seamless transition from agreement through to operational execution. Reporting to the Head of Real Estate, you’ll be working closely with our Real Estate Partners on live deals acting as the bridge between Revenue and Delivery.

You will be:

Bringing cross-functional teams together to ensure a seamless onboarding and offboarding experience for clients, taking responsibility for administration and coordination from an offer being agreed through to move-in day.
Overseeing project timelines, ensuring all milestones in the client move in process are met.
Coordinating with Real Estate, Finance, Operations, and other departments to align strategies and execution plans.
Proactively identifying challenges and bottlenecks in the launch process and developing solutions.
Holding both internal and external stakeholders to account to ensure that we meet or exceed the expectations that we set with clients and internally.
Providing regular updates and reports to your internal stakeholders on project statuses.
Continuously refining and improving our move in processes based on feedback and experience.
About you

You’ve managed projects or programs before and are comfortable in a client facing environment.
You’re organised with the ability to bring others on the journey with you.
Multitasking comes naturally to you and you’re able to keep on top of multiple projects and changing priorities.
As a master communicator, both verbally and in writing, you have the ability to bring teams together.
Familiarity with project management tools, we use Asana.
Proactive problem-solving approach, with a focus on identifying and resolving issues promptly.
A customer-centric mindset, client satisfaction is your number one priority.
Why Kitt?

The world of work has shifted forever. As people everywhere prioritise purpose over their paychecks, company culture has been thrown into the spotlight. But the problem is, too many companies are showing up to work in bland, cookie-cutter offices. We’re leading this change.

Real company culture can only be built in-person, in the real world – and for it to be authentic it needs its very own, personalised space. That’s why we create offices as unique as the brands and the people who work there. We’re long-term culture partners to our clients long after they've signed the lease and chosen the paint colours.

We’re disrupting an industry that has long needed a shake up, and with our sights set on helping every brand find their dream home, the future of office space and culture is in very good hands.