Job Description
Our Mechanical & Electrical water engineering team supports clients with the management of their assets. This work can encompass everything from designing complete new build treatments works through to assessing the condition of existing plant and machinery. They play an important role in helping our clients develop new assets or improvements to existing, offering both improved performance and efficiency. 

Our mechanical water engineers examine the hydraulics of systems to calculate and specify pump systems, as well as developing plant room layouts. They ensure designs meet the required performance also providing suitable access for operators so that the equipment can be safely maintained, and develop performance specifications and schedules to define all items of equipment, whilst ensuring that they comply with the relevant client and industry standards.

They also initiate control philosophies to define how a plant will operate, before collaborating with the other designers. The successful applicants will work closely with other design disciplines and stakeholders, to ensure that the design elements interface correctly, and the design fits all parties requirements. 

Our electrical water engineers specify the equipment and infrastructure required to power and control pumping and treatment systems. This involves producing schedules and specifications to allow control panels to be designed, and the control rooms to be laid out. They produce size cables and schedules, and then develop ducting networks to allow the cables to be distributed.

They also develop control philosophies to define how a plant will operate, and work closely with the national power grids to arrange for new or upgraded supplies. The successful applicants will work closely with other design disciplines, especially mechanical, to ensure that all design elements interface correctly. 

An example project is Heronsgate Pumping Station. AECOM was asked to design a wastewater pumping station by a contractor as part of a new housing development.

This involved initially looking at the hydraulic system to assess the size of pump required and the size of the pumping station. We worked with the contractor and the local water utility provider to minimise the footprint of the plant, whilst providing suitable space for operation and maintenance. We produced the detailed design for the pumps, pipework, valves, lifting equipment, control panels and systems, power feed and chemical dosing. 

Job responsibilities:
Mechanical Job responsibilities will include, but not limited to: 

Pumping calculations and specifications. 
Production of system schematics. 
Production of equipment and drive schedules; 
Production of engineering specification documents in relation to hydraulics and pump systems; 
Working with our clients to assist them with project delivery, asset and network performance and design; 
Production of lifting, access and maintenance plans. 
Liaise with internal and external design teams, clients and contractors as appropriate; 
Provision of timely reporting to both the client and internal team lead. 
Electrical Job responsibilities will include, but not limited to: 

Production of cable calculations, cable schedules, and circuit schedules 
Production of lighting designs 
Production of MCC/ Control Panel details including ICA information 
Production of electrical specification documents 
Utilise Amtech, Dialux and Lighting Reality software design programmes 
Liaise with internal and external design teams, clients and contractors as appropriate 
Provision of timely reporting to both the client and internal team lead. 
Qualifications
BEng Mechanical or Electrical Engineering (2:1 or above, or equivalent); 
MEng in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering (2:1 or above, or equivalent) would be preferred; 
Relevant work experience would be an advantage; 
Enthusiastic, hard-working, technically proficient, with ambition and drive; 
Basic computer skills essential (Word/Excel) and good report writing skills beneficial. 
Water related modules would be an advantage 
Willing and able to work towards professional qualifications such as IET & IMechE 
Demonstrable interest in water projects 
Capability to satisfy client and business expectations and be able to consider the wider financial and commercial implications of their actions. 
Communicate effectively to internal and external clients, both verbally & in writing. 
Structure & prioritise work effectively through close cooperation with the team as a whole. 
Ability to work independently without losing initiative & focus. 
Freedom to Grow in a World of Opportunity 
You will have the flexibility you need to do your best work with hybrid work options. Whether you’re working from an AECOM office, remote location or at a client site, you will be working in a dynamic environment where your integrity, entrepreneurial spirit and pioneering mindset are championed.

You will help us foster a culture of equity, diversity and inclusion – a safe and respectful workplace, where we invite everyone to bring their whole selves to work using their unique talents, backgrounds and expertise to create transformational outcomes for our clients.

AECOM provides a wide array of compensation and benefits programs to meet the diverse needs of our employees and their families. We also provide a robust global well-being program. We’re the world’s trusted global infrastructure firm, and we’re in this together – your growth and success are ours too.

Join us, and you’ll get all the benefits of being a part of a global, publicly traded firm – access to industry-leading technology and thinking and transformational work with big impact and work flexibility. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours.


https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/60/aecom/graduate-job/56910/graduates-mechanical-electrical-water-engineers