The Vacancy
Binnies part of the RSK Group are looking for Graduate Civil Engineers working within our Delivery group on Non-Infra UK Water Engineering projects. 

As a Graduate Civil Engineer, you will be taking part in our development programme. You will be a valued member of our highly experienced and widely respected team at Binnies. 

Binnies treat each Graduate Engineer as an individual and will provide all relevant training, development and support so that you may further your engineering career. We are a diverse and energetic team and you will play a key role in contributing to our team’s and companies’ success. 

Binnies offers you possibilities on an international scale with offices worldwide and projects completed in 100 plus countries. What’s more, you can work on exciting global projects regardless of where you are physically located.

Whatever industries and technologies interest you, Binnies can get you there. You will also gain experience and expertise in all aspects of the UK Water Industry. 

Role responsibilities:
Undertaking outline and detail design, both individually (under supervision) and as part of a wider team, for projects within specified timescales. 
Assisting with the producing site plans, general arrangements and calculations, using approved engineering techniques, procedures and criteria. 
Working alongside other professionals and JV construction partners, in multi-disciplinary teams. 
Co-ordinating work with other Binnies offices and liaising with engineers and other professionals in the wider Binnies RSK Group, providing adequate information to enable projects to be progressed effectively. 
Assisting with preparation of technical and non-technical reports. 
Ensuring the civil design takes account of buildability and H&S requirements. 
Liaison with internal and external stakeholders at an appropriate level to ensure the civil design is communicated effectively. 
Assisting with design support activities during construction. 
About You:
Necessary qualifications to achieve IEng MICE or CEng MICE or equivalent other institutions. 
Desire to work proactively towards Incorporated or Chartered membership of the ICE, CIWEM or other equivalent institutions 
Excellent written and verbal communications skills. 
Self-motivated and effective team player. 
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Flexible working (part time available, remote working for part of the role)
Flexible benefits e.g. buy annual leave, varying pension contributions, options for private healthcare
Continuous training and development – tailored training agreements towards chartership

https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/1249/binnies/graduate-job/58424/graduate-civil-engineer