About the role:
You will be training to be a Chemistry Teacher - this is a great opportunity to train to teach outstanding lessons and therefore help pupils achieve excellent academic results in Chemistry.

Everyone has had at least one teacher in their life that inspired them.
Our comprehensive programme provides you with the support and expertise needed to develop into a fantastic Science teacher for your pupils quickly. On top of your professional studies, you’ll benefit from training that’s been designed specifically for the Chemistry subject.  

You will not only learn how to support and structure debate in science lessons and set up practical’s but learn how to engage students in science and convey the story of an equation!

About Ark:
Ark is a charity that aims to transform children’s lives through education. In the UK, the strongest predictor of how a child will do at school continues to be what their parents do for a living – but why should this be the accepted status quo? By working in our network at one of our 39 schools, you will be directly making a positive impact on young people’s lives through high-quality teaching and thoughtful consideration of all backgrounds and needs, making educational equity a reality. 

About Ark Teacher Training:
Ark Teacher Training (ATT) is a school-based programme offering the perfect mixture of theory and classroom practice to develop you into the best teacher you can be. Because we believe that every child, regardless of their background, deserves to have access to a great education, we work mainly in communities of lower income with a history of academic underachievement. We are very proud to have just received our second ‘outstanding’ rating from Ofsted in all categories! There are only a few ITTs in the UK that can say the same. Alongside this, our programme is also incredibly supportive and bespoke, as you will see below. 

Key responsibilities:
To engage in daily professional development activities
To plan, resource and deliver lessons to the highest possible standard that ensure learning and progress of all pupils
To provide a nurturing classroom and academy environment that helps pupils to develop as learners 
To help to maintain/establish discipline across the whole school
To contribute to the effective working of the school
Key requirements:
Grade C/4 or above in Maths GCSE and English Language GCSE (or equivalent)
An undergraduate bachelor’s degree or will hold (or equivalent) prior to beginning your Initial Teacher Training 
A degree or A level in Chemistry / a related subject 
Evidence of a commitment to working with young people
Experience of overcoming challenges successfully 
Ability to demonstrate consistently high standards of personal and professional conduct
An aptitude for teaching
What's on offer?
The bursary to teach Chemistry is £27,000 during your training year (or a £29,000 scholarship) and once qualified you will move onto the qualified teacher pay scale -  Ark pay 2.5% above the national average too!


https://www.gradcracker.com/hub/969/ark-teacher-training/graduate-job/40923/ark-trainee-chemistry-teacher