THE ROLE

We are looking for a passionate and customer-centric Product Marketing Manager to join our ambitious team. Reporting to the Marketing Director but also working closely with the Customer Success and Product & Engineering teams you’ll help us plan and implement the product marketing and customer comms strategy. 

You will:


Plan and participate in the launch of new features and products while working across multiple departments (mainly product, marketing, sales and customer success).  

Drive and organise product launches. 

Together with the product team, educate both internal and external stakeholders on our product features and their value proposition. 

Create marketing programs (e.g. product videos, website copy) that articulate the benefits and use cases of our products to drive qualified leads and to engage customers. 

Build product messaging that sets new products and features apart from others in the market to give them a unique selling point.   

Create marketing programs (e.g. product videos, website copy) that articulate the benefits and use cases of our products to drive qualified leads and to engage customers. 

Plan sales collateral and tools that align with the buying process and help move prospects & customers through the sales cycle. 

Obtain customer insights through interviews, surveys, focus groups and data analysis.  

the description




RESPONSIBILITIES



Drive our product messaging and positioning through thorough customer research. 

Contribute to pricing strategies and position our product within the marketplace.  

Communicate the value of new products and services to the sales and marketing team.

Write clear, concise, and well-polished copy that demonstrates empathy with user needs

Create impactful product content - such as product demos, FAQs, case studies, testimonials, video scripts and website messaging - to drive sales and advance deals. 

Become a go-to product expert for all of our product releases, ensuring the right person receives the right message at the right time.  

Create ‘explain’ and ‘convince’ content that helps win customers with a focus on the lower end of the customer acquisition funnel (sales enablement).  

Help the sales team build an effective onboarding system that lowers the barriers to entry for our customers.  

Keep a constant pulse on their competitive landscape to identify and communicate our competitive advantage and differentiate new products and services from others in the market. 

Assist sales and customer operations team members on calls when appropriate to provide deeper dives into the product.  

Gain insight into customer use of current products, untapped opportunities and new personas.  
